Add docs page for statuses (#400)
primer/view_components: docs/content/statuses.md

---

> title: Component status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Statuses
```

---

> Each component is given a status that explains the component's maturity level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each component is assigned a status for its maturity level:
```

| Status         | Meaning                                                                |
| -------------- |------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `Alpha`        | Experimental. Breaking changes are likely.                             |
| `Beta`         | Usage encouraged, but not required.                                    |
| `Stable`       | Usage expected.                                                        |
| `Deprecated`   | Usage not allowed. May be removed at any time.                         |

> We expect many components to move from alpha to beta and from beta to stable
> soon. Feel free to watch for releases in the
> [repo](https://github.com/primer/view_components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect many components to move from alpha to beta and from beta to stable soon. Feel free to watch for releases in the [repo](https://github.com/primer/view_components).
```

> You can also see component status at a glance on [this project
> board](https://github.com/primer/view_components/projects/3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also see component status at a glance on [this project board](https://github.com/primer/view_components/projects/3).
```

## Criteria for changing component status

### Promote from alpha to beta

> - The component does not use any deprecated `view_components` platform features (eg - Slots v1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The component does not use any deprecated `view_component` framework features, such as Slots v1.
```

- Documentation and storybook stories are complete.

> - The API is expected to be stable.

Reviewer: Did we want to add a criteria for a certain % or # of internal uses?

Author: ```suggestion
- The API is expected to be stable and the component is used in dotcom at least 3 times.
```

Something like this? I'm not sure we have a more specific but also broadly applicable at this point.

Reviewer: I think this is fine for now 👍🏻
